openthread: remove libs selection from Harness overlay (#4050)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_thread_certification.rst

   .. code-block::

         cd ncs/nrf/samples/openthread/cli/

>          west build -b nrf52840dk_nrf52840 -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG="harness/overlay-cert.conf -DCONFIG_OPENTHREAD_LIBRARY_1_1=y"

Reviewer: This doesn't look right. Shouldn't it be:

```suggestion
         west build -b nrf52840dk_nrf52840 -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=harness/overlay-cert.conf -DCONFIG_OPENTHREAD_LIBRARY_1_1=y
```

   .. note::

>       The previous build command selects the precompiled OpenThread libraries.
>       The overlay file enables :ref:`multiprotocol support <ug_multiprotocol_support>` with Bluetooth LE advertising.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      The configuration option selects the precompiled OpenThread libraries.
      The overlay file enables :ref:`multiprotocol support <ug_multiprotocol_support>` with Bluetooth LE advertising.
```
